What are the benefits of home sharing.
Let me give you a little bit of an idea what I mean by home sharing because I know a lot of you are
going to be new to this concept coming and saying I've heard of there being be but I'm not totally sure
what it is.
If you're familiar with ride sharing like Uber lift this is home sharing a home sharing because Air
B and B that's what you're doing you're sharing your home.
People are renting your space and whether or not it's a shared space or it's an entire private apartment
to themselves.
But it is someone else's house.
It is staying in a place that has their personal things there with their own personal touch and you
have personal contact with that person whose apartment it is.
It's a different kind of paradigm if you're not used to traveling like that but that's what Home Sharing
is and it's it's you know through the air in the system it's this new economy that's really been opening
up in the last three four five years that you know it's changing the way we travel.
There's two main benefits.
One is financial.
The other one is is more of the intangible kind of benefits.
First financially being able to live in the most expensive city in America.
Or maybe it's the second and not have to worry about rent.
That's crazy.
Even if you are in a situation where maybe you're not in a large city or you have a property that isn't
naturally going to be as popular it's still going has the potential to take your rent in half or 75
percent even if you only want to do this casually you can reduce your aunt by 30 percent.
And a lot of cases that's a lot.
This is something that always drives me nuts.
When I lived in that apartment without air B and B it's this feeling of walking on a treadmill.
You wake up every day and my rent was $3000 knowing that I woke up today and I owe a hundred dollars.
So I need to do something that's productive enough to cover that hundred dollars.
That has a weight on you.
And when I started running out on Airbnb all of a sudden that equation was reversed.
I could wake up knowing I don't owe a hundred dollars today I got 100 dollars.
It's OK if I want to spend the day reading or spend the day doing nothing and doing something that's
not productive I don't have to guilt myself any more about that.
That was one of the biggest benefits for me I think psychologically just knowing it's escaping that
treadmill escaping that feeling of no matter what I owe money on this space I pay to live.
I'd like to travel and when I travel I always feel bad because it's like I'm paying double rent I'm
paying rent on an apartment and I'm paying at a hotel wherever I'm going.
And so that feeling really kind of bums you out.
It does feel like you are part of a rat race and so home showing really from a financial aspect really
got me out of that loop.
And you know in the summer when I rented out entirely so I could travel.
That's obviously awesome being able to get paid a very nice salary per month to travel covered all of
my expenses covered my airline tickets covered my stay my food all my activities and then some and even
saved money when I was traveling.
Being a tourist seeing the world so obviously I can't say enough about how phenomenal that is.
The intangible though you know there's a lot of other benefits to this and I don't want people to think
of it just as a money making mechanism.
It really is something that helps you connect with your city.
I live in San Francisco.
I love that city.
And so being able to have people stay in my apartment and being able to share with them what I liked
about the city and what I think they shouldn't do is just phenomenal because I've been everyone's been
on a vacation you go there and you do the top three things on Trip Advisor and they suck.
You don't have a great experience you don't feel like you connected to the city.
And so I feel like every time someone stays in my apartment I'm a bridge between that getting them over
the socky land of them doing everything based off of their 30 minutes of research online and I can give
them the local perspective.
I've lived here for several years now.
I can tell them exactly what to do what not to do one of the places they would never find that I just
personally love and I can also tailor to their interest too.
Oh you like Chinese food.
I know a great Chinese restaurant just doing that and being able to help people enjoy their experience
even just traveler to traveler that has an immense kind of psychological benefit.
I never enjoyed the hotel experience personally I never enjoyed checking into a high end or a Holiday
Inn or you know Motel 6 it felt so sterile inhuman and the prices you pay just made no sense.
It really was exciting to me because I can kind of jump on this new trend of home sharing.
Right it's now all of a sudden you can rent out your space skip that whole overly developed overly manicured
feeling of a hotel.
That's awesome.
I would have paid to stay in someone's apartment just to escape that feeling of being in the concrete
jungle.
But you know it helps to know that in general there are babies are much cheaper than that hotel so it's
kind of when when it really is a game changer.
Being able to make money by helping people enjoy their vacations.
That's crazy.
And I don't know if you guys ever heard of the this new company called viable.
And this is a company that literally used Air B and B to start their business.
They started a business by running out their apartment taking the proceeds and investing it into their
business and their business is about helping people find great cheap tours in their city.
So obviously it fits so perfectly.
I'd love it if you guys can post in a group discussion if you've used Air B and B before you posted
before.
Share your experiences.
I'd love it because the new students are kind of on the fence about it whether or not they want to try
it or when they're on it.
Dive right into it.
I love it if they can hear your experiences and hear what you also liked about it.